1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug 
that was introduced?

It narrowed down the content of the file to only those bits that had changed
and this helped me having much less amount of text to analyse so eventually 
I found the bug faster.

2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?

If I get an error or run into something that's not working I can always compare
the two files that have been changed and pin point the cause of the error much
faster.

3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a 
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
Docs does?

Autosaving might be useful cause you don't need to remember to always add this
extra activity of saving to your workflow but also makes harder to move around
the saved versions and point down the right one you want to restore. Manual
saving gives you the option of having a logical history of work on the project
and this connected with commit comments makes it much faster do find and undo
a change that caused trouble.

4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving 
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file 
separately?

While google docs is designed to work on a text file which is usually stored
in one file Git has the ability to track verstions of bigger projects that 
might require multiple files to run. Sometimes to update this kind of project
you need to make corresponding changes in more than just one file.

5. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history 
of files?

I can use it in order to find changes done and look up the cause of errors
faster.

6. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

If I break something the working wersion is always there and it's easy to go 
back to it whenever I need to or find the source of the bug.

7. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git
for?

Android Projects.

